Create 1.25.0 documentation (#284)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: reference/deprecation-notices.md

This document contains a list of deprecation notices for Anbox Cloud and its components.

## Kernel 6.8 and earlier
*Deprecated in 1.25.0* ; *Removal in 1.27.0*

> The support for kernel 6.8 and earlier is deprecated as of 1.25.0. Starting from 1.27.0, Anbox Cloud will run only on kernels with version later than 6.8.

Reviewer: Nitpick: it _may_ run on older kernels, but it won't be supported:
```suggestion
The support for kernel 6.8 and earlier is deprecated as of 1.25.0. Starting from 1.27.0, Anbox Cloud will only be supported on kernels with version later than 6.8.
```
Wdyt?

## LXD 5.0

> *Deprecated in 1.25.0* ; *Removal in 1.27.0*

Reviewer: AFAICT from the [spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HXJr020rhwjj0AM18SYZmIBX4kTp-HehWZNfgbqcJq0/edit?tab=t.0), this should be 1.28.0:
```suggestion
*Deprecated in 1.25.0* ; *Removal in 1.28.0*
```

The support for LXD 5.0 snap is deprecated as of 1.25.0. Upgrade your deployment to use LXD 5.21 instead.

> If you wish to continue with LXD 5.0, you must change the value of `volume.zfs.block_mode` to `true` for your LXD storage pool.

Reviewer: I think we had a misunderstanding for this: users should not set this value to true. It _should_ be reverted automatically by AMS or the appliance anyway, but this line should be removed.

## Node controller

> *Deprecated in 1.23.0* ; *Removal in 1.26.0*

Reviewer 2: Just want to confirm: we've discussed the use of the node controller to tweak the rt attribute of the anbox session process, is that still valid or not? @morphis @ajanon

Author: Yes Alexis mentioned that but since there are no confirmed decisions yet, I haven't changed the docs yet.

Author: As discussed, we are keeping this as is for 1.25.0. We will confirm with Simon.
